[cmd/opampsupervisor] Implement startup fallback configuration (#45100)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: cmd/opampsupervisor/README.md

Note that the healthceck endpoint is not enabled by default. To enable it, you must explicitly set at least the `endpoint` field in the configuration.

## Startup Fallback Configuration

The Supervisor supports a startup fallback configuration mechanism that provides resilience when the OpAMP server is unreachable at startup and there's no previous configuration state persisted in disk. This is useful for ensuring the Collector can start with a known-good configuration during network outages or server maintenance. When the Supervisor successfully connects to the OpAMP server, the regular configuration (indicated by `agent::config_files`) is restored and any potential remote configuration received from the OpAMP server is applied.

> If when the Supervisor starts there's previous configuration state persisted in disk, the Supervisor will use it to start the Collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If, when the Supervisor starts, there's previous configuration state persisted in disk, the Supervisor will use it to start the Collector.
```

### Configuration Options

The following options can be configured under the `agent` section:

```yaml
agent:
  startup_fallback_configs:
  - /path/to/fallback_config.yaml
```

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|

> | `startup_fallback_configs` | List of paths to startup fallback configuration files to use. If more than one path is specified, they are merged in order. Together, these must be complete, standalone Collector configuration. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `startup_fallback_configs` | List of paths to startup fallback configuration files to use. If more than one path is specified, they are merged in order. Together, these must form a complete, standalone Collector configuration. |
```

Note that the healthceck endpoint is not enabled by default. To enable it, you must explicitly set at least the `endpoint` field in the configuration.

## Fallback Configuration

The Supervisor supports a fallback configuration mechanism that provides resilience when the OpAMP server becomes unreachable. This is useful for ensuring the Collector starts and continues to operate with a known-good configuration during network outages or server maintenance.

### Configuration Options

The following options can be configured under the `agent` section:

```yaml
agent:
  executable: /path/to/collector
  fallback_config: /path/to/fallback_config.yaml
  fallback_startup_timeout: 30s
  fallback_runtime_timeout: 60s
```

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|

> | `fallback_config` | Path to a fallback configuration file to use when the OpAMP server is unreachable. This must be a complete, standalone Collector configuration. |

Author: I'm not sure about the use case of having the configuration split into multiple files vs a single big file, in general. Personally I'm yet to see someone using multiple config files, but I'm +1 for supporting it as well. Will update the implementation.

| `fallback_runtime_timeout` | How long to allow disconnection from the OpAMP server during runtime before switching to the fallback configuration. If not set or zero, runtime fallback is disabled. |

### Behavior

1. **Startup Fallback**: If `fallback_startup_timeout` is configured and the Supervisor cannot connect to the OpAMP server within that duration, the Collector will be started with the fallback configuration.

2. **Runtime Fallback**: If `fallback_runtime_timeout` is configured and the connection to the OpAMP server is lost after being previously connected, the Supervisor will wait for the specified duration. If the connection is not restored within that time, the Collector will be switched to the fallback configuration.

3. **Recovery**: When the connection to the OpAMP server is restored after using the fallback configuration, the Supervisor will automatically switch back to the remote configuration provided by the server.

### Important Notes

- The fallback configuration is a **standalone configuration file**. It is intentionally not merged with the `config_files` setting. This ensures predictable fallback behavior without dependencies on other configuration files.

> - The OpAMP extension configuration is automatically added to the fallback configuration to maintain communication between the Supervisor and the Collector.

Reviewer 2: telemetry as well
